README.md, before:

An alternative GUI for an imageboard (4chan, 2ch, etc).

[`4chan.org` demo](https://catamphetamine.github.io/chanchan/?chan=4chan)

[`2ch.hk` demo](https://catamphetamine.github.io/chanchan/?chan=2ch)

This is a demo showcase project and it has only a minimal set of features:

  * Browsing.
  * No posting.
  * No new replies notifications.

## Screenshots

#### Browsing

[View in full resolution](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catamphetamine/chanchan/master/docs/images/screenshot-3639x1959.png)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catamphetamine/chanchan/master/docs/images/screenshot-1024x551.png" width="512" height="276"/>

#### Media

[View in full resolution](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catamphetamine/chanchan/master/docs/images/screenshot-slideshow-3602x1952.png)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catamphetamine/chanchan/master/docs/images/screenshot-slideshow-1024x555.png" width="512" height="278"/>

## Install

```
git clone git@github.com:catamphetamine/webapp-frontend.git
git clone git@github.com:catamphetamine/chanchan.git
cd chanchan
npm install
```

## Develop

```
cd chanchan
npm run dev
```

Go to [`http://localhost:1234`](http://localhost:1234)

## Deploy

```
cd chanchan
npm run build
```

See the `build/assets` directory.

## Proxy

Chans (`2ch.hk`, `4chan.org`) don't allow calling their API from other websites by prohibiting [Cross-Origin Resource Sharing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-origin_resource_sharing) (CORS), so a CORS proxy is required in order for another website to be able to query chan API directly.

A public CORS proxy called ["CORS Anywhere"](https://cors-anywhere.herokuapp.com/) can be used for development/testing. Such public CORS proxy imposes several restrictions such as no support for "cookies" and also introduces an artifical delay (a couple of seconds) for all API requests. There's also some [list of public CORS proxies](https://gist.github.com/jimmywarting/ac1be6ea0297c16c477e17f8fbe51347).

For production deployment a dedicated CORS proxy should be used. A free AWS EC2 "micro" server could be set up but CloudFlare blocks traffic from AWS EC2 (I guess because it can be easily set up for a DDoS attack) so `4chan.org`, for example, won't work and will return `403 Forbidden` for an AWS EC2 proxy.

<details>
<summary>An example of setting up a free AWS EC2 CORS proxy</summary>

####

AWS offers a year-long "free tier" usage plan for EC2 "micro" server instances.

<!-- https://trodzen.wordpress.com/2018/04/07/yet-another-linux-ec2-server-config/ -->

* Create a free EC2 "micro" instance.
* Connect to it via SSH as `ec2-user`.
* Install nginx: `sudo amazon-linux-extras install nginx1.12`
* Auto start nginx: `sudo chkconfig nginx on`
* Configure nginx: `sudo nano /etc/nginx/nginx.conf`

```nginx
http {
	# This is required to resolve DNS names when proxying.
	resolver 172.31.0.2;

	# ... some standard configuration ...

	server {
		listen 80;
		server_name _; # applies for any domain name.

		# This setting is required to keep double slashes in the requested URL.
		merge_slashes off;

		# Only proxy URLs starting with "http://" or "https://".
		location ~* ^/https?://.+$ {
			# Serve `OPTIONS` "preflight" requests.
			if ($request_method = 'OPTIONS') {
				# Allow all websites access to this CORS proxy.
				# Could be restricted via an nginx variable.
				add_header Access-Control-Allow-Origin $http_origin;
				# Allow sending cookies as part of an HTTP request (optional).
				add_header Access-Control-Allow-Credentials true;
				# Allow all HTTP request headers.
				add_header Access-Control-Allow-Headers $http_access_control_request_headers;
				# Allow all HTTP request methods.
				add_header Access-Control-Allow-Methods $http_access_control_request_method;

				add_header Content-Type 'text/plain charset=UTF-8';
				add_header Content-Length 0;
				return 204;
			}

			# Allow all websites access to this CORS proxy.
			# " always" in the end is required for also setting
			# the CORS headers on "404 Not Found" responses.
			# Could be restricted via an nginx variable.
			add_header Access-Control-Allow-Origin $http_origin always;
			# Allow sending cookies as part of an HTTP request (optional).
			add_header Access-Control-Allow-Credentials true always;
			# Allow all HTTP request headers.
			add_header Access-Control-Allow-Headers $http_access_control_request_headers always;
			# Allow all HTTP request methods.
			add_header Access-Control-Allow-Methods $http_access_control_request_method always;

			# Trim the leading slash from `$request_uri` (URL path).
			rewrite ^/(.+)$ $1 break;

			# Generic proxying headers which are added to the proxied HTTP request.
			# This is just some info for the destination server that it may potentially use.
			# They are not required.
			#
			# Set the proxied HTTP request "HOST" header to this server's "HOST" (host and port).
			proxy_set_header HOST $host;
			# Which protocol did the client request.
			proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto $scheme;
			# Pass client's IP address.
			proxy_set_header X-Real-IP $remote_addr;
			# The list of proxies used to proxy this HTTP request.
			proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
			# Pass "If-Modified-Since" header to the server.
			proxy_set_header If-Modified-Since $http_if_modified_since;

			# (optional) Use HTTP/1.1 instead of the default HTTP/1.0.
			# For example, HTTP/1.1 has support for "entity tags" caching.
			proxy_http_version 1.1;

			# Proxy the HTTP request to the destination server.
			proxy_pass $1;
		}
	}
}
```

* Reload `nginx` config: `sudo service nginx reload`
* `nginx` should be working (HTTP should output a dummy webpage).
* Next, an SSL certificate will be generated. "letsEncrypt" rejects AWS domains, so set up a free domain somehwere on `dot.tk` which will have a DNS `A` record pointing to the AWS server IP address.

* Install `certbot` for issuing free "letsEncrypt" certificates:

```sh
# download, install, and Enable EPEL
wget -r --no-parent -A 'epel-release-*.rpm' http://dl.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/7/x86_64/Packages/e/
sudo rpm -Uvh dl.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/7/x86_64/Packages/e/epel-release-*.rpm
sudo yum-config-manager --enable epel*
sudo yum repolist all

# install certbot
sudo yum install certbot
```

* Create config for `certbot`: `sudo mkdir -p /etc/letsencrypt && sudo nano /etc/letsencrypt/cli.ini`

```
authenticator = webroot
webroot-path = /var/www/html
post-hook = systemctl reload nginx
text = True
```

* Create a dummy "ACME challenge" response file: `sudo mkdir -p /var/www/html/.well-known/acme-challenge && sudo sh -c "echo Success > /var/www/html/.well-known/acme-challenge/example.html"`

* Register in letsEncrypt network: `sudo certbot register --email me@example.com`

* Configure `nginx` to serve "ACME challenge" response files:

```nginx
server {
  ...
  location /.well-known {
    root /var/www/html;
  }
  ...
}
```

* Check the dummy "ACME challenge" response: `sudo service nginx reload && curl -L http://YOUR-DOMAIN-NAME-HERE/.well-known/acme-challenge/example.html`

* If it says "Success" then remove the dummy "ACME challenge" response file (`certbot` will create its own): `sudo rm /var/www/html/.well-known/acme-challenge/example.html`

* Check `certbot` certificate issueance: `sudo certbot certonly --dry-run -d YOUR_DOMAIN_NAME_HERE`

* If it says "The dry run was successful" then issue the certificate: `sudo certbot certonly -d YOUR_DOMAIN_NAME_HERE`

* Set up `nginx` to use the generated certificates in the `server` entry:

```nginx
server {
	listen 80;
	listen 443 ssl;
	...

	ssl_certificate /etc/letsencrypt/live/YOUR_DOMAIN_NAME_HERE/fullchain.pem;
	ssl_certificate_key /etc/letsencrypt/live/YOUR_DOMAIN_NAME_HERE/privkey.pem;
	ssl_trusted_certificate /etc/letsencrypt/live/YOUR_DOMAIN_NAME_HERE/chain.pem;

	# Optimize certificate chain loading in a single round trip.
	ssl_stapling on;
	ssl_stapling_verify on;
	...
}
```

<!--
```
# domains to retrieve certificate.
# AWS domains are rejected by letsEncrypt.
# One can use something like `dot.tk` for a temporary free domain.
domains = www.example.tk # change to the cors proxy host name

# increase key size
rsa-key-size = 4096

# the CA endpoint server
server = https://acme-v01.api.letsencrypt.org/directory

# the email to receive renewal reminders, IIRC
email = letsencrypt@example.com # change to your email address

# turn off the ncurses UI, we want this to be run as a cronjob
text = True
```
-->

* letsEncrypt certificates expire in 90 days, so schedule a daily renewal job:

`sudo nano /etc/crontab`:

```
# The job is run daily because certificates don't get
# renewed unless they are near to expiration.
0 8 * * * root certbot renew --quiet --allow-subset-of-names
```

* Reload `nginx` config: `sudo service nginx reload`

* HTTPS should be working.

</details>

####

In `./configuration/default.json` there's `corsProxyUrl` setting — this is the CORS-proxy that will be used for querying chan API.

## Chan

This demo project currently supports [`4chan.org`](https://4chan.org) and [`2ch.hk`](https://2ch.hk) chans.

<!-- and `4chan.org` chans.-->

### 4chan.org

* [API (with examples)](https://github.com/catamphetamine/chanchan/blob/master/docs/4chan.org/API.md)
* [API (official docs)](https://github.com/4chan/4chan-API)

### 2ch.hk

* [API (with examples)](https://github.com/catamphetamine/chanchan/blob/master/docs/2ch.hk/API.md)
* [API (official docs)](https://2ch.hk/api/)

<!--
## Configuration

By default the application uses `./configuration/default.json` settings.

To define custom settins create `configuration.json` file in the `./configuration` directory:

#### configuration.json

```js
{
	// (optional)
	"youtube": {
		"apiKey": "..."
	},
	...
}
```

Any settings in `configuration.json` will override the corresponding settings in `default.json`.
-->

Commit message:

`kohlchan.net` link added to README
Former-commit-id: cca7b4031a32bde802bbf21fdc9e5d4699251012

README.md, after:

An alternative GUI for an imageboard (4chan.org, 2ch.hk, kohlchan.net, etc).

[`4chan.org` demo](https://catamphetamine.github.io/chanchan/?chan=4chan)

[`2ch.hk` demo](https://catamphetamine.github.io/chanchan/?chan=2ch)

[`kohlchan.net` demo](https://catamphetamine.github.io/chanchan/?chan=kohlchan)

This is a demo showcase project and it has only a minimal set of features:

  * Browsing.
  * No posting.
  * No new replies notifications.

## Screenshots

#### Browsing

[View in full resolution](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catamphetamine/chanchan/master/docs/images/screenshot-3639x1959.png)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catamphetamine/chanchan/master/docs/images/screenshot-1024x551.png" width="512" height="276"/>

#### Media

[View in full resolution](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catamphetamine/chanchan/master/docs/images/screenshot-slideshow-3602x1952.png)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catamphetamine/chanchan/master/docs/images/screenshot-slideshow-1024x555.png" width="512" height="278"/>

## Install

```
git clone git@github.com:catamphetamine/webapp-frontend.git
git clone git@github.com:catamphetamine/chanchan.git
cd chanchan
npm install
```

## Develop

```
cd chanchan
npm run dev
```

Go to [`http://localhost:1234`](http://localhost:1234)

## Deploy

```
cd chanchan
npm run build
```

See the `build/assets` directory.

## Proxy

Chans (`2ch.hk`, `4chan.org`) don't allow calling their API from other websites by prohibiting [Cross-Origin Resource Sharing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-origin_resource_sharing) (CORS), so a CORS proxy is required in order for another website to be able to query chan API directly.

A public CORS proxy called ["CORS Anywhere"](https://cors-anywhere.herokuapp.com/) can be used for development/testing. Such public CORS proxy imposes several restrictions such as no support for "cookies" and also introduces an artifical delay (a couple of seconds) for all API requests. There's also some [list of public CORS proxies](https://gist.github.com/jimmywarting/ac1be6ea0297c16c477e17f8fbe51347).

For production deployment a dedicated CORS proxy should be used. A free AWS EC2 "micro" server could be set up but CloudFlare blocks traffic from AWS EC2 (I guess because it can be easily set up for a DDoS attack) so `4chan.org`, for example, won't work and will return `403 Forbidden` for an AWS EC2 proxy.

<details>
<summary>An example of setting up a free AWS EC2 CORS proxy</summary>

####

AWS offers a year-long "free tier" usage plan for EC2 "micro" server instances.

<!-- https://trodzen.wordpress.com/2018/04/07/yet-another-linux-ec2-server-config/ -->

* Create a free EC2 "micro" instance.
* Connect to it via SSH as `ec2-user`.
* Install nginx: `sudo amazon-linux-extras install nginx1.12`
* Auto start nginx: `sudo chkconfig nginx on`
* Configure nginx: `sudo nano /etc/nginx/nginx.conf`

```nginx
http {
	# This is required to resolve DNS names when proxying.
	resolver 172.31.0.2;

	# ... some standard configuration ...

	server {
		listen 80;
		server_name _; # applies for any domain name.

		# This setting is required to keep double slashes in the requested URL.
		merge_slashes off;

		# Only proxy URLs starting with "http://" or "https://".
		location ~* ^/https?://.+$ {
			# Serve `OPTIONS` "preflight" requests.
			if ($request_method = 'OPTIONS') {
				# Allow all websites access to this CORS proxy.
				# Could be restricted via an nginx variable.
				add_header Access-Control-Allow-Origin $http_origin;
				# Allow sending cookies as part of an HTTP request (optional).
				add_header Access-Control-Allow-Credentials true;
				# Allow all HTTP request headers.
				add_header Access-Control-Allow-Headers $http_access_control_request_headers;
				# Allow all HTTP request methods.
				add_header Access-Control-Allow-Methods $http_access_control_request_method;

				add_header Content-Type 'text/plain charset=UTF-8';
				add_header Content-Length 0;
				return 204;
			}

			# Allow all websites access to this CORS proxy.
			# " always" in the end is required for also setting
			# the CORS headers on "404 Not Found" responses.
			# Could be restricted via an nginx variable.
			add_header Access-Control-Allow-Origin $http_origin always;
			# Allow sending cookies as part of an HTTP request (optional).
			add_header Access-Control-Allow-Credentials true always;
			# Allow all HTTP request headers.
			add_header Access-Control-Allow-Headers $http_access_control_request_headers always;
			# Allow all HTTP request methods.
			add_header Access-Control-Allow-Methods $http_access_control_request_method always;

			# Trim the leading slash from `$request_uri` (URL path).
			rewrite ^/(.+)$ $1 break;

			# Generic proxying headers which are added to the proxied HTTP request.
			# This is just some info for the destination server that it may potentially use.
			# They are not required.
			#
			# Set the proxied HTTP request "HOST" header to this server's "HOST" (host and port).
			proxy_set_header HOST $host;
			# Which protocol did the client request.
			proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-Proto $scheme;
			# Pass client's IP address.
			proxy_set_header X-Real-IP $remote_addr;
			# The list of proxies used to proxy this HTTP request.
			proxy_set_header X-Forwarded-For $proxy_add_x_forwarded_for;
			# Pass "If-Modified-Since" header to the server.
			proxy_set_header If-Modified-Since $http_if_modified_since;

			# (optional) Use HTTP/1.1 instead of the default HTTP/1.0.
			# For example, HTTP/1.1 has support for "entity tags" caching.
			proxy_http_version 1.1;

			# Proxy the HTTP request to the destination server.
			proxy_pass $1;
		}
	}
}
```

* Reload `nginx` config: `sudo service nginx reload`
* `nginx` should be working (HTTP should output a dummy webpage).
* Next, an SSL certificate will be generated. "letsEncrypt" rejects AWS domains, so set up a free domain somehwere on `dot.tk` which will have a DNS `A` record pointing to the AWS server IP address.

* Install `certbot` for issuing free "letsEncrypt" certificates:

```sh
# download, install, and Enable EPEL
wget -r --no-parent -A 'epel-release-*.rpm' http://dl.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/7/x86_64/Packages/e/
sudo rpm -Uvh dl.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/7/x86_64/Packages/e/epel-release-*.rpm
sudo yum-config-manager --enable epel*
sudo yum repolist all

# install certbot
sudo yum install certbot
```

* Create config for `certbot`: `sudo mkdir -p /etc/letsencrypt && sudo nano /etc/letsencrypt/cli.ini`

```
authenticator = webroot
webroot-path = /var/www/html
post-hook = systemctl reload nginx
text = True
```

* Create a dummy "ACME challenge" response file: `sudo mkdir -p /var/www/html/.well-known/acme-challenge && sudo sh -c "echo Success > /var/www/html/.well-known/acme-challenge/example.html"`

* Register in letsEncrypt network: `sudo certbot register --email me@example.com`

* Configure `nginx` to serve "ACME challenge" response files:

```nginx
server {
  ...
  location /.well-known {
    root /var/www/html;
  }
  ...
}
```

* Check the dummy "ACME challenge" response: `sudo service nginx reload && curl -L http://YOUR-DOMAIN-NAME-HERE/.well-known/acme-challenge/example.html`

* If it says "Success" then remove the dummy "ACME challenge" response file (`certbot` will create its own): `sudo rm /var/www/html/.well-known/acme-challenge/example.html`

* Check `certbot` certificate issueance: `sudo certbot certonly --dry-run -d YOUR_DOMAIN_NAME_HERE`

* If it says "The dry run was successful" then issue the certificate: `sudo certbot certonly -d YOUR_DOMAIN_NAME_HERE`

* Set up `nginx` to use the generated certificates in the `server` entry:

```nginx
server {
	listen 80;
	listen 443 ssl;
	...

	ssl_certificate /etc/letsencrypt/live/YOUR_DOMAIN_NAME_HERE/fullchain.pem;
	ssl_certificate_key /etc/letsencrypt/live/YOUR_DOMAIN_NAME_HERE/privkey.pem;
	ssl_trusted_certificate /etc/letsencrypt/live/YOUR_DOMAIN_NAME_HERE/chain.pem;

	# Optimize certificate chain loading in a single round trip.
	ssl_stapling on;
	ssl_stapling_verify on;
	...
}
```

<!--
```
# domains to retrieve certificate.
# AWS domains are rejected by letsEncrypt.
# One can use something like `dot.tk` for a temporary free domain.
domains = www.example.tk # change to the cors proxy host name

# increase key size
rsa-key-size = 4096

# the CA endpoint server
server = https://acme-v01.api.letsencrypt.org/directory

# the email to receive renewal reminders, IIRC
email = letsencrypt@example.com # change to your email address

# turn off the ncurses UI, we want this to be run as a cronjob
text = True
```
-->

* letsEncrypt certificates expire in 90 days, so schedule a daily renewal job:

`sudo nano /etc/crontab`:

```
# The job is run daily because certificates don't get
# renewed unless they are near to expiration.
0 8 * * * root certbot renew --quiet --allow-subset-of-names
```

* Reload `nginx` config: `sudo service nginx reload`

* HTTPS should be working.

</details>

####

In `./configuration/default.json` there's `corsProxyUrl` setting — this is the CORS-proxy that will be used for querying chan API.

## Chan

This demo project currently supports [`4chan.org`](https://4chan.org) and [`2ch.hk`](https://2ch.hk) chans.

<!-- and `4chan.org` chans.-->

### 4chan.org

* [API (with examples)](https://github.com/catamphetamine/chanchan/blob/master/docs/4chan.org/API.md)
* [API (official docs)](https://github.com/4chan/4chan-API)

### 2ch.hk

* [API (with examples)](https://github.com/catamphetamine/chanchan/blob/master/docs/2ch.hk/API.md)
* [API (official docs)](https://2ch.hk/api/)

<!--
## Configuration

By default the application uses `./configuration/default.json` settings.

To define custom settins create `configuration.json` file in the `./configuration` directory:

#### configuration.json

```js
{
	// (optional)
	"youtube": {
		"apiKey": "..."
	},
	...
}
```

Any settings in `configuration.json` will override the corresponding settings in `default.json`.
-->
